Update dns_dhcp.rst (#40)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: dns_dhcp.rst

- Specify a single upstream DNS server: enter the IP address of the desired server in the dedicated field
- Set up domain-specific DNS servers: this allows you to route queries for specific domains to different servers.

Domain-specific DNS Servers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To use a custom DNS server for a specific domain, use the following syntax:

> ``/DOMAIN_OPTION/IP_ADDRESS#PORT``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``/DOMAIN/IP_ADDRESS#PORT``
```

where:

- IP_ADDRESS: specify the IP address of the desired server
- PORT: append the desired port (after the IP address using `#` character).

The ``PORT`` value is optional so usually the configuration appears just like:

> ``/DOMAIN_OPTION/IP_ADDRESS``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``/DOMAIN/IP_ADDRESS``
```

Domain-specific DNS Servers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To use a custom DNS server for a specific domain, use the following syntax:

``/DOMAIN_OPTION/IP_ADDRESS#PORT``

where:

- IP_ADDRESS: specify the IP address of the desired server
- PORT: append the desired port (after the IP address using `#` character).

The ``PORT`` value is optional so usually the configuration appears just like:

``/DOMAIN_OPTION/IP_ADDRESS``

These are the main supported options:

- Empty domain (``//``): matches unqualified names (without dots).
- Specific domain (``/google.com/``): matches the exact domain and all its subdomains (e.g., google.com, www.google.com, drive.google.com...).
- Wildcard domain (``*google.com/``): matches any domain **containing** "google.com" (e.g., google.com, www.google.com, supergoogle.com).

Examples:

- Send all queries for "google.com" and its subdomains to 1.2.3.4:  ``/google.com/1.2.3.4``
- Send all unqualified names (e.g., "localhost") to 10.0.0.1 and everything else to standard servers: ``//10.0.0.1``
- Send queries for domain "ad.nethserver.org" and its subdomains to 192.168.1.1 and everything else to standard servers:
  ``/ad.nethserver.org/192.168.1.1``

> 
> Conflicts management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Specify a single upstream DNS server: enter the IP address of the desired server in the dedicated field
- Set up domain-specific DNS servers: this allows you to route queries for specific domains to different servers.

> Domain specific DNS Servers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Domain-specific DNS Servers
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The syntax for indicating a DNS server for a specific domain is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use a custom DNS server for a specific domain, use the following syntax:
```

``/DOMAIN_OPTION/IP_ADDRESS#PORT``

where:

> - IP_ADDRESS : specify the IP address of the desired server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- IP_ADDRESS: specify the IP address of the desired server
```

- PORT: append the desired port (after the IP address using `#` character).

The ``PORT`` value is optional so usually the configuration appears just like:

> ``/DOMAIN_OPTION/IP_ADDRESS``

Reviewer 2: Maybe /DOMAIN/IP_ADDRESS#PORT

> These are the main supported options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These are the main supported options:
```

- Empty domain (``//``): matches unqualified names (without dots).
- Specific domain (``/google.com/``): matches the exact domain and all its subdomains (e.g., google.com, www.google.com, drive.google.com...).
- Wildcard domain (``*google.com/``): matches any domain **containing** "google.com" (e.g., google.com, www.google.com, supergoogle.com).

Examples:

- Send all queries for "google.com" and its subdomains to 1.2.3.4:  ``/google.com/1.2.3.4``
- Send all unqualified names (e.g., "localhost") to 10.0.0.1 and everything else to standard servers: ``//10.0.0.1``
- Send queries for domain "ad.nethserver.org" and its subdomains to 192.168.1.1 and everything else to standard servers:
  ``/ad.nethserver.org/192.168.1.1``

Conflicts management

More specific domains take precedence over less specific domains, so for a configuration like this:

- ``/google.com/1.2.3.4``
- ``/www.google.com/2.3.4.5``

> NethSecurity will send queries  for google.com and gmail.google.com to 1.2.3.4, but www.google.com will go to 2.3.4.5

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NethSecurity will send queries for google.com and gmail.google.com to 1.2.3.4, but www.google.com will go to 2.3.4.5
```

> This is true also for wildcard: if both specific and wildcard domains are defined for the same pattern, the specific one takes precedence (e.g., having ``/google.com/`` and ``/*google.com/`` : the first will handle google.com and www.google.com, the wildcard will handle supergoogle.com.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is true also for wildcards: if both specific and wildcard domains are defined for the same pattern, the specific one takes precedence (e.g., having ``/google.com/`` and ``/*google.com/`` : the first will handle google.com and www.google.com, the wildcard will handle supergoogle.com.
```

> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
